[top, fpga] Add support for ChipWhisperer CW310 FPGA board (#6614)
lowRISC/opentitan: python-requirements.txt

meson >= 0.53.0, <= 0.54 # minimum matches version in meson.build
mistletoe>=0.7.2
mypy

> numpy

Reviewer: Remove this

Author: Done.

pytest
pytest-timeout
pyyaml

> scipy

Reviewer: ... and this. They are dependencies of the chipwhisperer package and installed through it.

Author: Done as well. The reason for adding them was ChipWhisperer mentioning that sometimes installation/compilation of these packages fails when using chipwhisperer in editable mode.

# Development version with OT-specific changes
git+https://github.com/lowRISC/edalize.git@ot#egg=edalize >= 0.2.0

> # Development version of ChipWhisperer toolchain, needs to be installed in editable mode.
> -e git+https://github.com/newaetech/chipwhisperer.git@develop#egg=chipwhisperer

Reviewer: I didn't find a reason to install chipwhipsperer in editable mode, the loading seems to work without it? If we don't have one, let's avoid it to give us a cleaner installation.

The chipwhisperer git archive is rather large, installing from an archive makes the installation much faster (it's still a 60 MB download!).

```suggestion
# Development version of ChipWhisperer toolchain
# Use a development version until support for the CW310 board works in a
# released version.
# Prefer the archive download over a git clone to decrease installation time
# (The chipwhisperer repository is rather large and uses additionally uses
# submodules, which need to be fetched as well.)
https://github.com/newaetech/chipwhisperer/archive/9b6825b495f14f85aae8b11007c63c59a1654584.tar.gz
```

Author: Thanks, this is clearly the better option. I've implemented the change as suggested and also tested it successfully.

About the reason for the editable mode: It's actually recommend by ChipWhisperer: https://chipwhisperer.readthedocs.io/en/latest/installing.html#chipwhisperer

But as the method you suggested works as well, I think it's better to stick to this for the moment.

Reviewer 2: For posterity - the editable mode was recommended as many users are tracking changes in CW rather than using specific releases, and end up with "local changes" themselves. So it was more of a usability feature we found, but forgot to mention the reason in our docs. So will fix that (doesn't affect OT).
